=================================================
API OF THE MAGMA PART OF THE ENDOMORPHISM PACKAGE
=================================================

Note hidden = functions, global = intrinsics.


=============
polarization:
=============

Abelian.m: Kernels, connected components of kernels, cokernels, images for maps
between complex tori.

Duals: Dualize homology representation.

Polarizations: Integral symplectic basis, integral principal basis, all
polarizations for given P.

Rosati: Involution and its fixed module, degree estimate.


========
puiseux:
========

Only BiDimDeg (a bit of a joke) and final functions
[Cantor/Divisor]FromMatrix[Ambient/RR][Global/Split] are globally available.

BiDimDeg: Dimensions and degree for divisor obtained by running the algorithms.

Branches: Approximates branches from tangent representation, rest hidden.

Conventions: Variable orderings used in the algorithms, all hidden.

FractionalCRT: Various ways to reduce properties of curves, all hidden.

Initialize: Initializes curve by finding appropriate patch and differential
basis (modifying the tangent action given orginally), as well as the Cantor
equations. The final result is still not intrinsic and exported as a procedure.
(Is this a good idea? Lots depends on that procedure.)

RiemannRoch: Generators for a Riemann-Roch space, their quick evaluations, and
product versions of this, as well as a transformed version of this that pushes
everything to infinity, all hidden.

CantorAmbient: Candidate functions and their evaluations, checking,
corresponding functions to find the Cantor representation, and some helper
functions to simplify in the hyperelliptic case.

CantorRR: Same as other, but with RR.

DivisorAmbient: Candidate divisors and their evaluations, checking,
corresponding functions to find the divisor.

DivisorRR: Same as other, but with RR.


==========
heuristic:
==========

Analytic: Complex structure, isogeny equations, from tangent representation to
homology representation and back, geometric isogenies. Most of this should be
hidden, with only the conversions between representations and
Geometric[Endomorphism/Isogeny]Representation as intrinsics.

Curves: Creates curves from other data, and gives their type, equations, and
base changes. These should all be hidden.

DecFactors: Find algebraic expression for principally polarized factors,
description in strings. Only FactorReconstruct should be global.

DecProjs: Idempotents, corresponding matrices and projections. Only final
result MatricesFromIdempotents and ProjectionFromIdempotent should be global.

Lattice: Groups various data and Sato-Tate groups by subgroups of the Galois
group. Geometric preliminary are treated differently from the rest of the
groups. Only EndomorphismLattice should be global.

Linear: Various linear algebra routines. All of these should be hidden except
perhaps SaturateLattice.

Optimize: Transfers matrices under isomorphism. Should be hidden.

OverField: Extract basis over subfields, and a function that reduces a general
field to a subfield of the Galois closure. Should be hidden.

Periods: Period matrices via outsourcing to Oldenburg, recognize superelliptic
curves. Should be hidden.

Precision: Extends class of complex and real fields to carry some extra default
parameters. Should be hidden.

Recognition: Relative minimal polynomials over number field with infinite
place, algebraization in given relative field extension. Perhaps only the main
minimal polynomial and algebraization elements should be global.

Relative: Equipping fields with infinite places and juggling with this under
extension. This requires more thought. Global: SetInfinitePlace,
RestrictInfinitePlace, NumberFieldExtra, EmbedAtInfinitePlace,
RelativeSplittingField[Extra], RelativeCompositum, GeneralFixedField.

SagifyDescription: Exporting to a Sage list. Should be hidden.

SatoTate: Should be hidden, since it is too local to our algorithms.

Structure: Describes structure in detail. EndomorphismStructureBase should be
exported, certainly the field version.

VerifyCorr: Find a non-Weierstrass base point, function that automatically
finds a base point and runs the Puiseux algorithm, verification of pullback for
genus 1. Arguably all could be global.

VerifySat: Verify that endomorphism ring is saturated. Could be used as a
global function.


=============================
Typical run and dependencies:
=============================

* Calculate period matrix (using Molin--Neurohr if desired or needed). This
  uses Curves and Periods.

* Determine GeometricEndomorphismBasis from period matrix, first on homology
  and analytically, then over a number field. The first step uses Analytic (and
  with it Linear), the second uses Recognition (and with it Relative and
  Precision, perhaps Sagify and Optimize).

* After this, EndomorphismLattice or EndomorphismStructure can be determined.
  In Lattice, the former reduces to the latter by running over the subfields of
  the field of definition of the endomorphism algebra. The latter in fact also
  reduces to this case at first, then takes appropriate fixed elements under the
  Galois action. These operations happen in Overfield.

* Structure both encompasses these steps and performs some operations on the
  result. Perhaps this is not very good. At any rate, given generators over the
  subfield, it describes the resulting algebraic structure of the endomorphism
  algebra and ring, as well as their tensor products with RR.

* Determine decompositions using Dec* if desired.

* Run verification algorithms using Verify* if desired.
